Documentation: Add third block supports page to the create block tutorial of the framework docs. (#56483)
WordPress/gutenberg: platform-docs/docs/create-block/attributes.md

> ## TextControl Component

Reviewer: Should this heading be updated, too, since this example is now the `PlainText` component?

> ## TextControl Component

Author: ```suggestion
## PlainText Component
```

> For our example block, the component we are going to use is the **PlainText** component, which allows the user to type some non formatted text. The **PlainText** component is imported from the `@wordpress/block-editor` package.

Reviewer: Tiny nit: feel free to ignore! (unformatted instead of non formatted)

```suggestion
For our example block, the component we are going to use is the **PlainText** component, which allows the user to type some unformatted text. The **PlainText** component is imported from the `@wordpress/block-editor` package.
```
